Question : How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

a diff makes you see every addition - substraction of a file, making it easier to spot 
which line is the one where the bug was introduced. Also, you can review the state of
both version at the same time

Question : How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It slams you the evolution of the file through time, which shows you every mistake you have made while
working with it.

Question : What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros:

-	file saving Not forced
-	Meaningful saving

Cons
-	Can be forgotten
-	Bad use of the saving feature could make version handling a mess

Question : Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

This saves time, having a version of each file state saved each time you make a commit makes it easier for developers to check changes when files are related to eachother

Question : How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

1 - To make sure you can see deletions and insertions colored properly use 
2 - To check changes between file's version , you need the commit ID of each version. You can get them by seeing the commit history using git log
PST : If you use git log --stat will show you each commit made to the repository PLUS a counter for each line deleted and added
3 - To check which lines have been added or deleted between two version, you type git diff id_oldest_commit id_newest_commit

Question : How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

If something might break, you can restore to a previous version and track the bug down

Question: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Bug finding, version control
